# therapy-consultation-assistant
While options for mental health care are abundant in New York City, actually accessing the care one needs comes with several challenges, from trying to figure out finances, to making sure the psycvhologist offers the specific treatment options you're looking for. Moreover, for many people the biggest challenge is the daunting and time consuming task of sorting thriough therapists and reaching out to figure out if the insurance is compatible and if the psychologist is a good fit to suit theirt mental healthcare needs. This is an application that uses ChatGPT, Langgraph, and the Tavily API to assist in drafting an e-mail or message to a therapist or psychologist to help those who are already struggling have an easier, less intimidatying experience finding a therapist. With the Covid-19 pandemic leaving many feeling hopeless and increasing the neeed for accesible mental healthcare, I feel this appplication wil be helpful in ensuring people can get the support they need much easier with less steps. SeveraL applications already exist to help one soprt through popssible optiions using fiilters for potrntial types of therapies and possible insurances taken, such as Psychology Today. However, what these popular aplications are missing is a way to support opeople in reaching out to initiate potential treatments. It is already such a vulnerable experience to put yourself out there, intriodrfuce yourself, and wriote about ehats goign on, let alone then have to talk about copays. This application eases these steressors by taking care of that daunting first email for you. 
